---
id: BUtils-BTimer
title: BTimer
sidebar_label: BTimer
---

Defined in header "BUtils/BTimer.h"

## Overview

Class BTimer provides repetitive and single-shot timers
 with a minimum precision of 1 millisecond.

# API

## Types
```
enum BTimerStatus {
    Active,
    Stop
};
```

## Methods

<AUTOGENERATED_TABLE_OF_CONTENTS>

---

## Reference

### `explicit BTimer() noexcept`
Construct a BTimer object.

### `~BTimer()`
Destruct a BTimer object.

### `bool operator>(const BTimer& rtimer) const`
Returns true if id is greater than rtimer's id.

### `bool operator<(const BTimer& rtimer) const`
Returns true if id is less than rtimer's id.

### `bool operator==(const BTimer& rtimer) const`
Returns true if id is equal to rtimer's id.

### `void start()`
Start this timer; takes no effects if timeout is 0.

### `void stop()`
Stop this timer; takes no effects if this timer is expired
(timeout occurs).

### `bool isActive() const`
Returns true if this timer is running.

### `bool isSingleShot() const`
Returns true if interval action is only triggered once.
 
### `int32 id() const`
Returns the id of this timer.

### `uint32 interval() const`
Returns the timeout interval of this timer in milliseconds.

### `uint32 timeout() const`
Returns the timeout of this timer in milliseconds.

### `void setActive(bool _active)`
Takes no effects calling by user.

### `void callOnInterval(std::function<void()> timer_action)`
Set the action that will be triggered after timeout interval.

### `void callOnTimeout(std::function<void()> timer_action)`
Set the action that will be triggered after timeout.

### `void setInterval(uint32 _interval)`
Set the timeout interval in milliseconds. Default value is 0.

### `void setInterval(std::chrono::milliseconds _interval)`
Set the timeout interval in milliseconds. Default value is 0.

### `void setTimeout(uint32 _timeout)`
Set the timeout in milliseconds. Default value is the maximum number of
 unsigned int.

### `void setTimeout(std::chrono::milliseconds _timeout)`
Set the timeout in milliseconds. Default value is the maximum number of
 unsigned int.

### `void setSingleShot(bool singleshot)`
The interval action will be triggered only once if singleshot is true.

### `static uint precision()`
Returns the precision of timer in milliseconds. Default value is 1
 millisecond.

### `static void setPrecision(uint)`
Set the timer precision in milliseconds.