---
id: BUtils-BTimer
title: BTimer
---
頭文件 "Butise/BTimer.h" 中定義

## 概述

類 BTimer 提供重復和單次觸發定時器，最小精度為1毫秒。

# API

## 類型

    enum BTimerStatus {
        Active,
        Stop
    };
    

## 方法

<autogenerated_table_of_contents>

* * *

## 參考

### `explicit BTimer() noexcept`

構造一個 BTimer 對象。

### `~BTimer()`

析構一個 BTimer 對象。

### `bool operator>(const BTimer& rtimer) const`

如果 id 大於 rtimer 的 id，則返回 true。

### `bool operator<(const BTimer& rtimer) const`

如果 id 小於 rtimer 的 id，則返回 true。

### `bool operator==(const BTimer& rtimer) const`

如果 id 等於 rtimer 的 id，則返回 true。

### `void start()`

啟動此定時器；如果超時時間為 0，則不產生任何影響。

### `void stop()`

Stop this timer; takes no effects if this timer is expired (timeout occurs).

### `bool isActive() const`

Returns true if this timer is running.

### `bool isSingleShot() const`

Returns true if interval action is only triggered once.

### `int32 id() const`

Returns the id of this timer.

### `uint32 interval() const`

Returns the timeout interval of this timer in milliseconds.

### `uint32 timeout() const`

Returns the timeout of this timer in milliseconds.

### `void setActive(bool _active)`

Takes no effects calling by user.

### `void callOnInterval(std::function<void()> timer_action)`

Set the action that will be triggered after timeout interval.

### `void callOnTimeout(std::function<void()> timer_action)`

Set the action that will be triggered after timeout.

### `void setInterval(uint32 _interval)`

Set the timeout interval in milliseconds. Default value is 0.

### `void setInterval(std::chrono::milliseconds _interval)`

Set the timeout interval in milliseconds. Default value is 0.

### `void setTimeout(uint32 _timeout)`

Set the timeout in milliseconds. Default value is the maximum number of unsigned int.

### `void setTimeout(std::chrono::milliseconds _timeout)`

Set the timeout in milliseconds. Default value is the maximum number of unsigned int.

### `void setSingleShot(bool singleshot)`

The interval action will be triggered only once if singleshot is true.

### `static uint precision()`

Returns the precision of timer in milliseconds. Default value is 1 millisecond.

### `static void setPrecision(uint)`

Set the timer precision in milliseconds.